Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to display similar products.
Not to do this, we have to go back to our visa code.
And trust me, this is very easy screw up.
And you can see why at what we are basically saying is we want to go into the products collection and
we only want to retrieve the products where the main category field is equal to the men.
Right now, what we have to do is to get rid of this and we are going to call the product list variable.
Put up these table.
And over here we are going to pass the men.
Category.
And also, we are going to go further by saying that where, again, and this is going to be the subcategory
food.
Sorry.
Sub category.
How do you cover is equal to the product list?
Products this.
And.
So category.
This is basically it.
Now, what we are basically saying is we want to go into the product collection and we want to retrieve
product where the main category field is equal to the product's main category.
And also where the product we are, the subcategory is equal to the product subcategory and this is
basically it.
And now use try to save or you can just restart this.
Okay.
And let's go check it out.
You can see we have just one similar item right now.
What you have to do is to upload product for the same category and also the same sub category.
And if you do that, you to have similar item.
So that is what you should do.
Now you just have to upload product.
Okay.
Upload.
You're going to upload for the same.
The same.
You can upload for the same main category for all the products and also same subcategory.
So after doing this, you have to upload another again for same main category and for same subcategory.
And after that you have to do that again for same main category and for for same subcategory.
So by doing that, you can see by doing that, you're going to have a lot of similar heights over here
and not just this.
And that is what the check is basically saying, because we are saying over here, we want to retrieve
products based on where the main category is equal to the main category of the product.
And also we have the subcategory is equal to the sub category of the products.
Okay.
This is basically it.
Okay, guys, see you at the next lecture.